Clarify overriding FlexForm in TCEFORM (#409)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TSconfig: Documentation/PageTsconfig/TceForm.rst

and `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].types.[typeName]` to configure a field for a specific
type, see the :ref:`TCA type section <t3tca:types>` for details on types.

While all that property path munging looks messy at first, it should become more

> clear if reading through the single properties below and looking at the examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clear when reading through the single properties below and looking at the examples.
```

.. youtube:: B3IQq7pIJ_o

.. _tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm:

Applying properties to FlexForm fields
--------------------------------------

> Other properties also apply to flex form fields, in this case the full property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other properties also apply to :ref:`FlexForm <t3coreapi:flexforms>` fields, in this case the full property
```
